Move Python 2-only stubs to @python2 directory (#5660)
python/typeshed: CONTRIBUTING.md

contains the following:
* `METADATA.toml`, describing the package. See below for details.
* Stubs (i.e. `*.pyi` files) for packages and modules that are shipped in the
  source distribution.
* If the stubs are either Python 2-only, or if the Python 2 and Python 3 stubs

>   are separate, the Python 2 stubs are put in a `@python2` subdirectory. In the
>   former case, there are no stubs or package directories on the top level.

Reviewer: If I understood this correctly, we could just say this instead, making it more obvious where to find the Python 3 stubs:

```suggestion
  are separate, the Python 2 stubs are put in a `@python2` subdirectory.
  Stubs or package directories at the top level are always used with Python 3,
  so there are no stubs or package directories on the top level of Python 2-only stubs.
```
